Hello everyone and welcome to the model training section.
All right.
So just let me recap real quick.
So first of all we know that the data the cancer data and we loaded it we didn't have to clean data
or anything.
Just everything was pretty much ready for us.
We view the head and tail of the data and then we visualize the data afterwards using seaboard and then
what we need to do right now is that we wanted to simply set up the training data set the testing data
set and actually run or take our tomorrow.
OK.
So let's get started.
First step is we wanted to define what are our x values or what's our inputs and I want our y values
which is our upis.
OK.
So first step is we need to define our inputs X simply.
So what we're going to do that we're going to get X equals to simply all the data is contained within
our data frame which is the underscore cancer.
If you got the call that was simply our They're afraid.
So we're going to do here is that we can do the underscore cancer.
That's our data frame.
And what we need to do that we need to includes Yes its empire values we want.
And fortunately we have the target in there.
We have the output included.
And what we need that we not only include the input in that in the x.
So we are going to do that we're going to call the data frame but instead we're actually going to drop
the last sample or drop the target column.
How can we do this we can actually use the method drop to actually drop our
column and in order to do this we can actually and I define This is basically our target that we wanted
to draw.
Okay.
And we need to define at what access we're going to be dropping so we're not dropping the entire column
that's working to find the access one is specifying the column.
Well again let's recap so I'm going we call the data frame we need the entire data fame except the target
value.
Okay that would be our x value.
Okay.
One of you it illustrates the site X and let's run the cell that would tell us.
Okay that's pretty much all are very values.
And if we scroll down in here.
Let's see if we have the target or not.
Actually we don't have the target which is perfect.
That's exactly what we expected.
The next step is that we wanted to define the output or Y which is simply our target column.
So we're going to find y equal to DMF underscore cancer.
All right.
And we're going to do is we are going to simply take the target column and simply that will define our
wise.
Right.
So let's run let's run the cell and then let's review why so simply what we can see here this is simply
our target volumes again.
So the orders are ones because if it's if it's malignant or benign and here we have the 569.
Correct.
Right.
The next step is we wanted to insert a couple of cells and are going to need to do that we wanted to
split our data into training data and testing data.
If you recall that we in order to change our model we're going to do that we use a subset of our data
for training.
And then after the model is trained What are we going to do in order to test the model.
We're going to use the testing data set which is data said that the model hasn't seen ever before.
OK.
So what we're going to do is we're going to use the skill learn to actually does that for us.
So we're going to do is going to load from killer and we can write model selection or the underscores
selection.
And we're going to we're going to specifically imports.
OK.
Train has split.
Actually if you have that we actually do like an auto complete for use of that we're going to show train
split which is simply the method are going to be using to split split data into testing and training.
Let's run this case successfully.
Next step we're going to do is that we are going to use gene split screen test if we're going to have
that would go to complete.
And if we click shift tab that will tell us okay how can we actually view the data.
How can we how can we call the train to split.
Scroll down you will find that there is an example so you can actually simply just copy and paste this
example pay.
So let's go let's remove this and let's copy and paste.
So here we have extreme access.
Whiting latest Gintas plates and he was specifying the values of x and y.
OK let's move the cell.
And that's pretty much always we have chinked splits we have X we have y.
Here we have the text size.
So what percentage do we need to include that testing data.
So here we generally specify let's say point three values.
OK.
Or maybe point 2.
And you do specify the random state if you like is one of your answers to be to match specifically my
answer.
You have to select kind of a random state that matches mine.
So let's say I'm going to select five for example and the the basically the method going to work and
get injured return back extreme x test Y train and weightiest.
OK.
All right.
Let's run it and let's see what's going to happen so successfully and what we want to do with it actually
when I view what's extraneous.
So foreign exchange actually going to show you.
OK this is the exchange that looks fine.
And here you can see that for $155.
So we actually divided the Empire State cancer dataset into the portion of subsequent of it which is
only 80 percent which is $455.
OK.
All right.
What if I wanted to view let's say Why why train for example.
So we're going to do let's say Why underskirt train that would tell us OK this is why I train and the
values is.
Our basically our targets.
OK.
And the last four hundred fifty five.
In order to do let's say if one of you let's say X tests.
OK if you want to view that actual testing data so you would see that here we have hundred and fourteen
rows which make sense.
Now we actually divided the dataset into training and testing on it.
OK I think right now we are ready to train our model.
This is simple it's really simple.
The first step we're going to use as Kilbourn we're going to use support machines simply to do the classification.
All right.
So we're going to do is going right from killer.
Right.
And again I don't as V.M. was for for support that machine we're going to import as visi.
OK.
And we're going to do let's run this.
And the next step is that we're going to simply use as well the metrics inside which is kind of classification
report and confusion matrix because we only use it as well moving forward.
OK.
So we're going to do is going to write from scaler dot matrix and goodnight imports and we're going
to import classification report classification underscore report and we're going to import confusion
underscored matrix.
OK let's run it through successfully.
And what we're going to do is Tenshi 8 simply an object out of the as we see.
OK so we're going to do it right let's say you can name it whatever you want.
Just name it.
As VC underscored model.
That's pretty much all our object cannot be using.
I'm going to write as VC.
OK that's basically is Tenshi an object as is this model.
So we're going to do in order to do the perform the training we're going to use the fit method.
On and on the object that we just created to actually train our model.
So you're going to use OK as Visi underscore model which is basically our object that we had here.
We're going to use the fit method and we need to pass simply our input and output data which is simply
aren't any data.
So getting X underscore train and we're going to use y in this country to simply change the data.
If we don't get it done that means the model has been changed and we are good to go.
Obviously we didn't evaluate the model yet and that's all going to be doing in the next section.
I hope you guys enjoy that section and see you in the next section.